Modeler Bells and Whistles checklist for grading

HKUST login(s): bhuai hqinac

Basic requirements: 
Please state what 2B you implemented to exclude from your B/W scores below

All but the metaballs are done, so you can just exclude any 2B from them.

NOTE: About the requirements of using glTranslate(), glRotate() and glScale(), we specially render the skeleton separately and you can find that we use all the required functions in renderBones() (line 324-368 in Model.cpp),
and you can find glScale() at line 532 and other places by searching.

There is a slider called "Limp Folding" which is tied to 8 joints.


B/W:

Delete yes/no when appropriate


W dramatic light					yes

W adjustable LoD					yes

W your idea 						yes
We did skeletal animation (or skinning) and we think that deserves more than a whistle ;)

B texture map						yes
We used a wooden like texture, you can find it at ./models/wood_texture.bmp

B polygonal faces (triangles)		yes

B animation       					yes

B individual looking (not just red/green) 		yes

B frame all							yes
The option is under File->Frame All

BW up vector 						yes
Press the left and right button of your mouse together and move can twist the camera

2B new primitives for each 			yes
All three primitives mentioned are implemented (extruded surfaces, surfaces of rotation, torus)
You can find demos at the bottom of the Modeler controls list

!!!CAVEAT!!! Please only enable one demo at a time, and disable all the demos to see the original model

2B L-system							yes
!!!CAVEAT!!! The rendering is very expensive and has performance issue

2B mood cycling 					yes

4B metaballs						no

8B goal-oriented motion 			yes
You can find it in the top row of menu
You can choose the end effector and the target position (measured as the relative offset to the original position of the end effector)
The target position input is actually a slider as well. You can also manually input.

+4B joint contraints 				yes
There's a joint dropdown list for you to select. Check the "enable constraints" and then modify all the constraints as you want.

Note that some end effectors do not have three joints (e.g. the head), in this case the constraints on the 3rd joint will have no effect.